Fixes #468: markReadableIfBuilt does not work properly (#469)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

### NEXT_RELEASE

* **Bug fix** `OnlineIndexer` fails to `getPrimaryKeyBoundaries` when there is no boundary [(Issue #460)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/460)

> * **Bug fix** markReadableIfBuilt does not work properly [(Issue #468)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/468)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Bug fix** The `markReadableIfBuilt` method of `OnlineIndexer` now waits for the index to be marked readable before returning [(Issue #468)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/468)
```

Or something along those lines.
